Dev (#145)
nf-core/proteinfamilies: README.md

3. Optionally, clip gap parts of the MSA ([`ClipKIT`](https://github.com/JLSteenwyk/ClipKIT/))
4. Generate family HMMs and fish additional sequences into the family ([`hmmer`](https://github.com/EddyRivasLab/hmmer/))
5. Optionally, remove redundant and/or merge similar families by comparing family representative sequences against family models with ([`hmmer`](https://github.com/EddyRivasLab/hmmer/))
6. Optionally, from the remaining families, remove in-family redundant sequences by strictly clustering with ([`MMseqs2`](https://github.com/soedinglab/MMseqs2/)) and discarding non-cluster representatives
7. If in-family redundancy was not removed, reformat the `.sto` full MSAs to `.fas`, for downstream analyses compatibility, with ([`HH-suite3`](https://github.com/soedinglab/hh-suite))

> 8. Optionally, infer sequence phylogeny, by calculating the maximum likelihood Newick phylogenetic trees for the final full MSAs with ([`CMAPLE`](https://github.com/iqtree/cmaple))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
8. Optionally, infer sequence phylogeny, by calculating the maximum parsimonious likelihood estimation trees for the final full MSAs with ([`CMAPLE`](https://github.com/iqtree/cmaple))
```
